Hello everyone, today I will show my order
dresslink website
and by the way I will say that I was pleased
well and you probably have already seen many
girls reviews from this site and their
shopping if you are interested to see
What I chose it when I ostavatsya
I wrote to the members of this site
I generally wondered need to change
the betting thing but when I switched to the site
then I was pleasantly surprised and decided
surely saves my book and what to order
I will explain to you now for example this
here is a strip that I saw right away and and
threw a basket and why because
the same blouse was on it
be it now there is still selling
very sorry for the money to buy a blouse
because basically it is there at a discount
23 yes alari whether something like this
minimum
attack on 30 almost 30 dollars was it i
considered it a lot of principle for
Let this and decided that we should take it
in general was for 7 dollars somewhere
it's the same girl the same
a blouse that's on that site so i think
what's the price difference just class me too
go Singapore and what from the site romvi
so these are just two different sites
some things are the same
it 's the same price just cheaper
liked u not very nice quality
such chiffon is rather heavy it is not
transparent
that is , everything is done well in principle
these corners are also all good
the collar is pretty ordered this
thing and girls the next thing too
who see on romwe and hindered themselves
order there she is also 30 something dollars
almost 40 what was it like this
the bush exactly in the outside in the form of left not
making a mistake
west do not they are up to
fret what is I even have a video to me
here are girls here as much as a moment
all the same thing so here is useless
good quality sleeves quite excellent
I sit on the size of it I took the most
big there were generally three
but I took the middle one because
there was not much that suited me
parameters but when this sweater came I
ventured ordered this average size
44 somehow I was surprised that she did
great village that is, but because it itself
ordered that 46 then she would not be great
here inside here so here it all looks
good lies
sweater is also great with such narrow
black pants have happened and I am very
I liked the heel
no tags nothing this sweatshirt
it cost me about 12 or 13 dollars
that is, here's a rouge 32 $ 33 was
so that's what I ordered 1 sweaters
and when 2 weeks after when
My package was already on the way, I went in
to the diamond website
see what we have them new there
models to look for them on another more
Cheap website, I was surprised that you
the item which she ordered also began
rain and washed away the spider saw that on
site rum and the same sweaters ok i
ordered 25 dollars or something i took
This I do not know for $ 45 gray jacket
sort of to aiko scope is also such a quality
like cotton is very nice to the body
such snowy hands she is great with such
heart with a stupid looks to me very
like hearts just adore him
As you can see, I now soup is also a cat than
did not buy so tight paid
short here and i just pulls on
gray now i
he happened well yes of course nothing
such a supernatural but here
let's say these jeans are blue something
is sporty style by skinheads
wear that is i'm here and when the store
run don't like super something small
disappointment of course me here it is
blouse attracted blouse as correctly
say she here right here in front
Shorter here are buttons such and
rear slightly longer and in principle you can
so how to tie
same wear can be jeans with
some such or something like that well
you know here me as she is not very
fit and in terms of size is ok but
she somehow shortens my body and
the front looks like a design like
with ivy another body yes and it is this
the bill before the short is not the cathode is a model
didn't really like because of this and in
level lies here a little bit
as the thread sticks out when more worse but
also worth inexpensive so it took
thought maybe guess with the quality
Here is a very colorful principle beautiful
colors I like leopard pool
Buttons are the most simple well, nothing
especial here you see i'm not even so
intermeddle now she say so from me
here it can be to collect and dress
we know neither to so will not wallow
sleeves in principle army turbines but their
you can bend so as to do something very
easy is a quality pleasant to the body and
Well, something like that is not very pretty what
you have chosen something else better
just dangerous sweater so Ali Azar and not
I remember it seems to me in rubles too
I saw but for some reason I always wanted
I’ve seen such a sweater
wear Chinese sites and well and still
I decided and I think in vain because here
this one is a period later on a combination
to the back like this usually turns out
orange and this one here before
coarse all stake what is worth
dermantina don't know what i think
so aut i will have a hundred percent
lying around in her is not comfortable like that
this orange fabric is pretty
transparent such as mesh sleeve three
quarters
I do not know this I do not remember it, too, it was worth
there somewhere in six max call me whether
overpay because in principle on
these sites can find the same thing
there are nations the same things just they
they both have been so mixed here nakida
I already understood it and in principle when something
new appears on the robot I look and
Immediately go to these two sites to you
I'll tell you a little later it will be a
month and make for movie review and show
all my things that I ordered somewhere
generally for 1000 rubles but it's all the same
the most that on the role and therefore wait
necessarily this video and if there will be
opportunity to be sure to report this
This instagram so that you do not miss
so see for yourself whether
overpay for romwe for the same
stuff from everyone thanks for watching everyone
until